a mouse like so many things it's all
about the feeling in your hand is it
satisfying is it fatiguing is it erotic
for the logitech g502 proteus core
tunable Gaming Mouse boy is that ever a
mouthful the answers fortunately are yes
no no and did you seriously put that
double entendre in their hotspot shield
service makes your internet browsing
safer more secure and fully private
click now to learn more we'll start with
the shape after so many years of loyalty
to the classic Logitech performance
mouth shape that I've personally been
using off and on since 2004 I was
worried that Logitech had gone too far
out into left-field and screwed things
up I was pretty worried about the g502
is ergonomic swen I'd only seen pictures
of it now that I've actually used it
it's clear to me that they really
haven't changed much other than to
extend the thumb rest add some
much-needed extra buttons improve the
feel with soft touch on the back and a
super satisfying textured rubber on the
sides add a blue LED G logo and
otherwise just give it a very sexy
makeover the new buttons have been very
thoughtfully laid out and unlike most
gaming mice I'm able to comfortably
reach each and every one of them without
altering my grip the default mappings
which of course you can change in
software are left right and middle click
scroll left and scroll right from the
mouse wheel tilt profile switching
behind the scroll wheel the toggle
button dpi up and down to the left of
the index finger forward and back in
your browser above the thumb and shift
just in front of the thumb this lets you
hold down a button to temporarily change
to your assigned shift dpi for more
accurate sniping the one thing that
can't be reprogrammed at least right now
is scroll up and scroll down something
that some gamers will definitely miss
but this is actually not my biggest
complaint about the scroll wheel first
good stuff though Logitech has vastly
improved the implementation of their
free spinning mode versus the g9s bottom
mounted toggle by moving the
aforementioned toggle to the top of the
mouse so switching between the normal
clicky mode versus the spreadsheet
friendly free spin mode
now superfast the backward step on the
scroll wheel though is the metallic
finish combined with a fairly heavy
click in clicky mode that cost my finger
to slip quite frequently when trying to
scroll if I end up keeping this mouse as
my daily driver I will be looking for
something to cover it with to improve
the situation I don't like this at all
and it's easily my biggest criticism of
an otherwise outstanding design on
tomorrow things I do like Logitech
doesn't name the exact mechanical micro
switches they're using in the left and
right buttons but they rate them at
twenty million clicks and they have a
very satisfying not too heavy not so
light you accidentally hit them all the
time like that bloody Death Adder 2013
weight to them the other buttons are
each individually tuned so that the ones
that are intended to be hit by leaning
on them are light and very easy to press
and the ones that are intended to be
pushed like a normal button are heavier
what a nice touch kudos to Logitech for
that one
to wrap up ergonomics I'll say this like
seemingly everyone else writing reviews
on Amazon of this Mouse I loved the g9
shape and performance in fact my clearly
well used g9 cord finally started
flaking out recently and I've been
considering buying one on ebay or
something and like everyone else I think
the best way I can describe the g502 is
to call it a worthy successor to the g9
and that really is high praise coming
from me for my small hands I I guess
they'd be medium if I was a lady the
increased height doesn't affect the claw
ish grip that I use and the increased
length doesn't bother me one bit because
I click almost as easily in the middle
of the left and right buttons as I can
at the end of them the fact that it has
more buttons and I can easily reach them
all is a huge bonus and I think my only
real complaint aside from that slick
material on the scroll wheel is that
it's a touch on the heavy side even
without the included handy dandy weights
however well implemented that system
with its handy-dandy magnetic cover on
the bottom might be another thing that
might be contributing to the heavy feel
of the mouse is the unusually thick also
heavy cord that drags more than I'm used
to when moving it around get yourself a
mouse cord anchor of some sort to go
along with your g502 for
sure here's the one I use at home so on
to performance stuff on the bottom of
the mouse we've got slippy feet rated
for a massive 250 kilometers of travel
distance before they're supposed to wear
out and then powered by a 32-bit ARM
processor under the hood is what
Logitech's calling the highest
performance optical sensor on the market
with zero acceleration zero smoothing or
filtering and zero pixel rounding dam
other than a couple dissenters on the
forums who claim there's some
acceleration based on like moving your
hand and thinking feeling the
acceleration the general consensus is
that this is one seriously bad ass piece
of gear the sensor goes from 200 to
12,000 dpi and 50 dpi increments without
any interpolation extrapolation or other
tomfoolery which is something that most
people like that the very high end will
never leverage but does speak to the
overall accuracy of the optics of the
mouse now I lack the testing equipment
to validate Logitech's claims here but
what I can say is that having recently
switched to a perfect sensor Mouse the
g502 delivers an equally enjoyable
experience at least now most of the
software stuff I briefly covered in the
rest of the video but there are a few
things I want to point out specifically
all of the changes are applied to the
hardware in real-time which is a little
bit frustrating when you're changing dpi
settings because as you set up each one
the Bellis of speed changes instantly
making it hard to move to the next one
but for everything else it works fine
then it's very very efficient Logitech
has updated their macro creation
interface since the last time I used it
on a mouse and it's super intuitive now
basically click on the button pick what
you want to bind to decide if you want
pauses or not and then save your config
profile either to your PC or to the
onboard memory on the mouse itself and
then you can switch between those things
with the click of a button
angle snapping is handled by a single
on/off switch but hint guys just leave
that off they also have a new a surface
tuning feature now it's not the first
time I've seen this kind of thing but
it's definitely a first for Logitech
anyway so what you do is you run the
utility do figure Eight's on your
mousepad for a few seconds and then I
guess it's optimized I didn't personally
notice any difference on this mousepad
anyway but I think that's more of a
testament to how well it tracks before
tuning then a criticism of the tuning
feature per se so this is where I would
normally do a conclusion but I think
I've said all I have to say about the
g502 proteus core so I'm gonna shake
things up here and close this video with
a petty complaint here it goes it is
unusual for an $80 Mouse to lack
customizable lighting colors and the
fact that I even noticed stood out to me
because when I'm reviewing a mouse that
I don't intend to actually put next to
my system where I'll have to stare at it
not matching my PC for months on end
it's easy to say I don't really care
about the LED colors when it's a mouse
whose performance and ergonomics I like
so much that I'm thinking of switching
to it permanently all of a sudden those
little details matter a lot more so
there you have it the finish on the
scroll wheel and the blue LED
that's about all I could find wrong with
it which is a pretty strong endorsement
speaking of something wrong with it you
may have noticed that my attire changed
a couple of times that was no glitch and
in fact it's related to our brand new
sponsor 5 for clothing the way it works
is this you go on the website and it
prompts you to do a little survey about
colors you like and styles you like that
5 for claims you can do in under 60
seconds turns out that their test
subjects for this we're probably people
exactly like me because it took me 54
seconds assuming they're going yeah
whatever just make this decision for me
because I can't be arsed and clicking on
things for me to finish it and that is
the point of the 5 for club if you don't
like shopping because sales people make
you uncomfortable or you don't like
shopping because you get lost in the
mall or you don't like shopping because
your wife wants to go with you then you
have to watch her endlessly try on stuff
you hate and sit there and tell her it
looks good anyway
the point is if you don't like shopping
you sign up and for 60 bucks a month
they send an equivalent of at least 120
dollars worth of clothes to your door
that are handpicked by your own personal
stylist to make you look good they offer
free shipping and easy size exchanges
and the longer you're a member of the
club the more you'll expand your
wardrobe with new exclusive designs so
you don't look like a hobo so head over
to 5 for clothing calm use offer code
Linus to save 15 bucks on your first
month and another cool little trick is
that once you're a member of the club
anyone you refer saves another $15 say
before you
I was almost all the way through that
saves you another $15 anyway the point
is guys there's a bitly link in the
video description go check it out I
think by the time this video goes up
there's gonna be like a landing page of
me like modeling the clothing so for if
nothing else there's the hilarity factor
of that and you guys can definitely
check that out because we all know I
have no style and even seeing me in
clothes that looks somewhat remotely
good is just has blown the minds of two
of the people here in the office already
and the other two aren't even here so
that's pretty much all I have to say
about that anyway guys thanks for
watching my team and I worked hard on
this video we hope you enjoyed it if you
did please like and share it if you
didn't please dislike it and leave a
comment with your thoughts we do take
constructive criticism very seriously
also linked in the video description is
a support us link to buy t-shirts give
us a monthly contribution or use our
affiliate code when you buy random stuff
on Amazon again thanks for watching and
as always don't forget to subscribe to -
tech tips from unboxings reviews and
other computer video the average speed
of that paragraph was reasonable
[Music]